ELEVATOR PITCH

Great to meet you! I'm Dominic, and I've heard great things about you company, and I would love to join your team.

I graduated from a local coding school and the skills and lessons I have gained from it
I feel would greatly benefit your company. I have built a number of fullstack spplications in vue3, JS, node, and .net, both by myself, and with a team.
My philosophy is to always be learning, and I'm always looking for new ways to improve myself. What I want to bring to my workplace
is an atmosphere of trust and friendship, and a sense of humor, while not compromising on quality. I am always open to new ideas and
criticism and I will let my team know if I think their ideas are good, or if they could use some refinement, and I'm always willing to help.

I have a long history of working in the public sector and I feel I am great at building positive relations between myself, co-workers and clients.
This has also helped me to be able communicate clearly and effectively, whether it be to show my appreciation to someone for their work, explain my thought process and why
I do things the way I do, or to let my team know what I feel could be improved.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NhRyB4LZpmcLXQrrWjW-bWW-OwjO0z5s/view?usp=sharing

---

STAR QUESTIONS

1. Tell me about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours.

S: On one of my team's projects, we were making an application that would help people discover new restaurants and eateries
in the area and encourage them to try out new cuisines.

T: We had a team member who had a very stubborn personality and would be very difficult when we would try
to give criticism on their code or ideas.

A: As I had the most experience when it came to customer service, I was able to delicately and eloquently explain the teams reasoning and
method as to why we felt that their code and ideas could use some refinement.

R: After we all had this talk, things went much more smoothly and we were able to work together much more effectively.




2. Describe a time when it was especially important to make a good impression on a client. How did you go about doing so?

S: As a phone salesperson, I had a customer come up and say they wanted to purchase 4 new phones, which would have been great
to report to the superiors and also boost my reputation in the company.

T/A: I was able to wow the customer with my knowledge of the ins and outs of each phone that we had on offer,
and explain to him why one phone would be better for them than another, and breaking down more complicated concepts into more digestable,
easier to understand concepts.

R: I got the big sale and the customer also left me a glowing review on our comanpies website.

3. Tell me about a time you were under a lot of pressure at work or at school. What was going on, and how did you get through it?

S: I had to make a fullstack application in a week for my school final project. 

T. I was  under a lot of pressure and there was a few times that the volume of work I needed to do was overwhelming.

A: I was able to get through it by breaking it down into smaller pieces and compartmentalize  getting the work done.

R: I managed to collect myself and get my project done on time.

4. Tell me about a time when you had to rely on written communication to get your ideas across.

S: I had a coworker who had lost his voice and we needed to communicate entirely through text while he recovered

t: we were working on a big sale and I was taking over what he had started with the sale.

A: I was able to communicate with him through an instant messenger and I managed to get the sale done on time.

r: once he recovered, he put in a glowing recommendation for me and we reamin good friends.




----

END OF INTERVIEW QUESTIONS

1. What is the day to day work duties like?

2. Was there anything you might be concerned about potentially hiring me?

3.What are things that could be improved in your work environment?

4. What should I focus on in the beginning, were I to be hired?

5. What do you value most in a successful hire?

